\documentclass{article}

\begin{document}

\begingroup
  \centering
  \textbf{\LARGE Welcome to the 34th Annual (2018) CCSC Eastern Conference}\\
\endgroup

\vspace{10pt}

On behalf of the 2018 CCSC Eastern Conference Committee, welcome to the 2018
CCSC Eastern Conference and the new Ballston Center at Marymount University.
We hope that everyone gets a chance to explore the greater DC area and see
everything Arlington has to offer. We are looking forward to a great conference
this year and are excited about sessions available this for students and
faculty. Whether new or returning to CCSC, we think you’ll find new and
exciting sessions for your field of interest.

In additional to 4 faculty paper sessions this year, we will have 2 student
sessions, and a poster session. This will be our first year trying student
presentations. We hope this will be a quality experience for the students to
present and get feedback on their work. We look forward to conferences in a few
years where these students might return as faculty colleagues. The programming
competition this year which will feature both college and high school teams
from around the eastern region which looks to be quite competitive this year.
We will have two wonderful workshops brought to us from the NSF. One on
CyberPaths which aims for diversification and broadening of the STEM talent
pipeline in cybersecurity and one talk on applying and obtaining grants through
the NSF as smaller institutions.

We received 23 excellent faculty papers for double blind peer review and we
were able to accept 12 for presentation at this year’s conference. It was a
very competitive year with an acceptance rate of 52\%.  Topics this year ranged
the computing gamut including areas from natural language processing, Computer
Science Education, robotics, to email security. The selected papers will be
included in the Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges.

This year we will have 4 panels and tutorials for the following: Assignments to
Promote Diversity and Accessibility, Creating a culture and environment for
Active Learning Success, Engaging HBCU Faculty in Project-Based Learning In
Silicon Valley, and Using PLCC to implement Java interpreters in a Programming
Languages course. We hope everyone is able to attend a few of these over the
next 2 days.

This conference could not be done without the volunteers on the conference
committee. I am grateful for their help and experience and continued support
of this conference. As you mingle around the Ballston building please take time
to give an extra thanks to Steve Kreutzer, Helen Wei, Vincent Cicirello,
Lauren Vantalia, Yanxia Jia, Kathy Marcropol, Karen Paullet, Adnan Chawdhry,
Dave Hovemeyer, John Wright, and Donna Schaeffer.

We hope you enjoy the conference and your time in Arlington. Please let us know
how we did and how we could make it better in the future. If you are interested
in helping out in future conferences by hosting, participating in the committee
or as a paper reviewer, please contact any committee member. I hope to see you
all at the banquet and around DC this weekend!

\vspace{10pt}

\hfill Nathan Green

\hfill Marymount University

\hfill Conference Chair

\end{document}
